Adding Additional Resources to DevTools Pages (#8178)
flutter/website: src/development/tools/devtools/performance.md

snapshot into DevTools from any page. **Note that DevTools only
supports importing files that were originally exported from DevTools.**

## Other resources

To learn how to monitor an app's performance and
detect jank using DevTools, check out a guided

> [Performance View tutorial][performance-tutorial].

Reviewer: Really cool articles!

I think the build is failing due to these Markdown link references not resolving. An extra line should fix that:

```suggestion
[Performance View tutorial][performance-tutorial].

```

Author: Thank a lot @parlough 🙂
Also, thank you for suggesting the fix. I was wondering why the link check failed.

snapshot into DevTools from any page. **Note that DevTools only
supports importing files that were originally exported from DevTools.**

## Other resources

> Check out the step-by-step guided 
> [Performance View Tutorial][performance-tutorial] to learn 
> how you can monitor an app's perceived performance and 
> detect janks using the Performance View.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn how to monitor an app's performance and
detect jank using DevTools, check out a guided
[Performance View tutorial][performance-tutorial].
```

[generate timeline events]: {{site.developers}}/web/tools/chrome-devtools/evaluate-performance/performance-reference
[GPU graph]: {{site.url}}/perf/ui-performance#identifying-problems-in-the-gpu-graph
[Flutter performance profiling]: {{site.url}}/perf/ui-performance
[Reduce shader compilation jank on mobile]: {{site.url}}/perf/shader
[Import and export]: #import-and-export

> [performance-tutorial]: https://medium.com/@fluttergems/mastering-dart-flutter-devtools-performance-view-part-8-of-8-4ae762f91230

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[performance-tutorial]: {{site.medium}}/@fluttergems/mastering-dart-flutter-devtools-performance-view-part-8-of-8-4ae762f91230
```
